Vaporbreaker ベーパーブレーカー 

Developed by Retrogemn

PROGRAMMING 
"Laynard"  

GAME DESIGNER 
"Laynard"  

LEVEL DESIGNER 
"Laynard"  

ASSETS USED 


FONTS 

"VCR OCD Mono" by Riciery Leal  
https://www.dafont.com/pt/vcr-osd-mono.font 

"Aji Hand" by Ajith Rajan  
https://www.dafont.com/pt/aji-hand.font 
www.ajithr.tk 

"Migu" 
https://www.freejapanesefont.com/migu-font-ミグフォント/ 
http://mix-mplus-ipa.osdn.jp/migu/ 


SPRITES / IMAGES 

"Grid Backgrounds" by "Laynard"  

"Blocks Breaking Block Pack HD" by John B. Marine  
https://opengameart.org/content/block-breaking-block-pack-hd 
http://johnmarinedesigns.weebly.com 
http://www.facebook.com/TheJohnMarine 
http://johnbmarine.blogspot.com 

"Arkanoid Assets" by pudman  
https://opengameart.org/content/arkanoid-assets

"Side Blaster GFX (M484 Games)" by Master484  
https://opengameart.org/content/side-blaster-gfx-m484-games 
http://m484games.ucoz.com/ 

"Explosion Set 1 (M484 Games)" by Master484  
https://opengameart.org/content/explosion-set-1-m484-games 
http://m484games.ucoz.com/ 

"Basic Arkanoid Pack" by Zealex  
https://opengameart.org/content/basic-arkanoid-pack 

"Free Keyboard and Controllers Prompts Pack" by Xelu  
https://opengameart.org/content/free-keyboard-and-controllers-prompts-pack 

"Cassette" by Dmitry Sukhankin (Pong Man)  
https://opengameart.org/content/cassette 

"Medals" by Buch  
https://opengameart.org/content/medals-3 

"Basic 16px GUI Pack" by tavoarts  
https://tavoarts.itch.io/basic-pixel-gui-pack 

"[LPC but not really] Bean Bag and Really Old TV" by Spring  
https://opengameart.org/content/lpc-but-not-really-bean-bag-and-really-old-tv 

"Pixel Art TV Sprite (CC0)" by Denislav  
https://opengameart.org/content/pixel-art-tv-sprite-cc0 

"Animated display static" by Cameron 'cron' Fraser  
https://opengameart.org/content/animated-display-static 

"8th Gen Console Vector Gamepad Collection" by TheHoodieGuy02  
https://opengameart.org/content/pixel-art-tv-sprite-cc0 

"KeyBoard" by LushkinR  
https://opengameart.org/content/keyboard 


AUDIO (MUSIC & MUSIC EFFECTS & SOUND EFFECTS) 


SOUND EFFECTS 

"Hitting in a Face" by florianreichelt  
https://freesound.org/people/florianreichelt/sounds/460509/ 

"Breaker" by Deathscyp  
https://freesound.org/people/Deathscyp/sounds/404049/ 

"Metal Ping" by timgormly  
https://freesound.org/people/timgormly/sounds/170957/ 

"Blip" by n_audioman  
https://freesound.org/people/n_audioman/sounds/275897/ 

"8 Bit Slam" by josepharaoh99  
https://freesound.org/people/josepharaoh99/sounds/361636/ 

"50 CC0 retro / synth SFX" by rubberduck  
https://opengameart.org/content/50-cc0-retro-synth-sfx 

"16 button clicks" by Independent.nu  
https://opengameart.org/content/16-button-clicks 

"Level up, power up, Coin get (13 Sounds)" by wobbleboxx.com  
https://opengameart.org/content/level-up-power-up-coin-get-13-sounds 

"Pew Laser fire Sound" by sketcherskt  
https://opengameart.org/content/pew-laser-fire-sound 

"Country Flags" by <b> Mark James (LFA)
https://opengameart.org/content/country-flags

MUSIC EFFECTS 

"TV Static Looping" by dotY21  
https://freesound.org/people/dotY21/sounds/335203/ 

"Mission Success" by StormBat  
https://freesound.org/people/StormBat/sounds/406371/ 

"80's riff" by ModulationStation  
https://freesound.org/people/ModulationStation/sounds/392465/ 


BACKGROUND MUSIC 

"Floating Synth Melody at 130 BPM C major loop music" by Lemoncreme  
https://freesound.org/people/Lemoncreme/sounds/231578/ 

"120 bpm lofi synthwave loop" by waveplay_old  
https://freesound.org/people/waveplay_old/sounds/424610/ 

"Time Break" by ShadyDave  
https://freesound.org/people/ShadyDave/sounds/277325/ 

"Reflection" by B_Sean  
https://freesound.org/people/B_Sean/sounds/421887/ 

"Crystalline Phases of Ice" by Pine Voc  
https://steviasphere.bandcamp.com/album/snow-cover 

"Don't Fall Asleep In The Snow" by Pine Voc  
https://steviasphere.bandcamp.com/album/snow-cover 

"Glögg" by Pine Voc  
https://steviasphere.bandcamp.com/album/snow-cover 

"Glimmer, Part 1" by Glaciære  
https://steviasphere.bandcamp.com/album/bath 

"Glimmer, Part 2" by Glaciære  
https://steviasphere.bandcamp.com/album/bath 

"Waiting for the train. It's cold." by Glaciære  
https://steviasphere.bandcamp.com/album/bath 

"Reaction" by Ocean Shores  
https://oceanshores.bandcamp.com/album/memories-of-a-past-life 

"Windowpane" by Ocean Shores  
https://oceanshores.bandcamp.com/album/memories-of-a-past-life 

"Gone Away, Out of Mind" by Ocean Shores  
https://oceanshores.bandcamp.com/album/memories-of-a-past-life 

"Cashflow" by Network 91  
https://fantasy-deluxe.bandcamp.com/album/ultimate-opportunity 

"More than you know" by Network 91  
https://fantasy-deluxe.bandcamp.com/album/ultimate-opportunity 

"New Suit" by Network 91  
https://fantasy-deluxe.bandcamp.com/album/ultimate-opportunity 

"Synthwave Miami Vice Style" by Xhale303  
https://freesound.org/people/XHALE303/sounds/470453/ 

"Synthwave 15k" by The Cynic Project  
https://opengameart.org/content/calm-ambient-2-synthwave-15k 
http://cynicmusic.com/ 
http://pixelsphere.org/ 

"Loading..." by </body>  
https://bodyendtag.bandcamp.com/album/initializing 

"Updating Settings..." by </body>  
https://bodyendtag.bandcamp.com/album/initializing 

"Applying Update..." by </body>  
https://bodyendtag.bandcamp.com/album/initializing 


OTHERS

"InputManager" by daemon3000
https://github.com/daemon3000/InputManager



THANK YOU FOR PLAYING 